["James Bond" playing]
♪ She wants to be your James Bond ♪
♪ Well, it's not for a price
And it's not to be nice ♪
[alarm blaring]
[groans] Not again.
-[cell phone ringing]
-[groans]
Yeah?
[woman] This is Zimmer Security.
We have an alarm alert.
Everything's fine. Raccoons tip the cans.
They set off the alarm.
There's no need to--
I have officers en route.
They'll be arriving momentarily.
Listen, this is, like,
the third time this month.
-Just tell the officers that they--
-Sir, we have officers on-site now.
-[knocking on door, doorbell rings]
-[sighs]
[man] Police! Is anyone home?
[doorbell ringing]
-[man] Police! Answer the door.
-I tried to tell you,
interrupt a man while he's sleeping...
you'll find out how a man sleeps.
[doorbell rings]
[woman] I'm gonna make this easy, Carl.
Trip the alarm, your wife dies.
Look at our faces, your wife dies.
[man] Key for Box C112, hand it over.
♪ James Bond ♪
♪ She wants to be your James Bond ♪
-Do you know who that belongs to?
-Stay down.
♪ She wants to be your James Bond ♪
♪ She might stand in your way
But still she'll save the day ♪
♪ She wants to be your James Bond ♪
-♪ James Bond ♪
-♪ She wants to be your James Bond ♪
-♪ She will not be shamed ♪
-♪ She will not be blamed ♪
♪ When she confuses a tune
She blames it on you ♪
♪ Screaming "You're insane" ♪
♪ "You're insane" ♪
♪ Didn't make the rules... ♪
Once your wife calls, you're free to go.
♪ Most fools gravitate to vanity ♪
♪ And her sanity is insanity ♪
[cell phone ringing]
♪ Driving off
While making you feel guilty ♪
-[Colleen] Carl. They're gone. Are you--?
-[phone beeps]
Honey?
[cell phone dials, then line ringing]
Hey, it's me.
Call Reddington.
Tell him we got a problem.
[dramatic music playing]
Carl, I entrusted you with my belongings
because I believed
that you could keep them safe.
Clearly, I overestimated your abilities.
Yes, but with all due respect--
"With all due respect"?
What an absurd little qualifier.
Why do people insist
on stating their deference
right before undercutting it
with a mildly disrespectful provocation?
Whoever robbed you knew where to look,
and they didn't learn it from me.
So... with all due respect,
if there was a failure of security,
it wasn't on my end.
Thank you, Carl.
Now, with all due respect,
your cologne is beginning
to make my eyes water.
That was Marvin.
He's closing the other deposit boxes
as we speak.
Your hunch was right.
Elizabeth was behind the robbery.
It had to be Hadley
who tipped her to the box.
Carlos is holed up in Turin,
Yanka's nursing
a gunshot wound in Bariloche.
You think she hired the Confidence?
Yes, actually.
I believe I do.
[cell phone dialing]
Harold.
It appears we can add "bank robbery"
to Elizabeth's burgeoning criminal résumé.
What? Have you spoken with her?
-You know where she is?
-I do not.
But I know the criminals
she's been mixed up with.
They call themselves
the Fribourg Confidence.
In the past three years,
they've stolen over $25 million
from at least six U.S. banks.
Six? Why haven't I heard about them?
The thefts were never reported.
The Confidence targets accounts
held by criminals
who have arrangements
with somewhat unscrupulous bank managers.
I've never concerned myself
with the Fribourgians,
or Fribourgers, I don't know.
They never bothered me,
so I never bothered with them.
Until now. They stole something
very important to me.
I want it back.
You mean, Elizabeth stole from you
and you won't tell me what.
What she stole is my concern.
But finding Elizabeth concerns us both.
This case may help us to do that.
[Cooper] Four million dollars
stolen from a Los Angeles bank,
a Monet taken
from a safe-deposit box in Oslo,
millions in forged cigarette-tax stamps
vanish from a vault in Kobe.
According to Reddington,
the crew which robbed him
have targeted banks
from Seattle to Ankara.
No thefts have been reported
because the targets were criminals.
Reddington's sure
it was Agent Keen who hired them?
He wouldn't say what Keen was after
or why, but whatever it was,
he believes finding this crew
is our best chance of finding her.
[Aram] What happens when we find her?
We bring her in
and pretend like none of this happened?
Something tells me
that's not what Agent Keen has in mind.
What are you suggesting?
It seems kind of crazy that, um,
we're still calling her "Agent Keen."
-[cell phone ringing]
-Agent Ressler, Agent Park,
find any leads on this heist crew
from the bank manager.
We'll save the ethical deliberations
till after we've found Elizabeth.
[dramatic music playing]
[man] This is crazy.
If there was a breach,
we'd call the police.
But there was no breach.
-And the security feeds?
-A brief system glitch.
Which I was notified of,
which is why I came down
to check things out and reset the system.
I need to see what's inside Box C112.
-Excuse me?
-Box C112, I need you to open it.
Of course.
Liam, could you please go
to the server room,
see if you can put last night's feeds
on a drive for the agents?
We know the box belongs to Reddington.
-It's registered to a Mr. Lloyd Wilke.
-It's how we knew it was hit.
We had people sitting on it,
waiting for him to show.
-Mr. Wilke?
-[Park] Play it cute,
we charge you with conspiracy,
you get a decade or more.
Drop the Mr. Wilke BS,
you might be home in time for dinner.
The leader, I think, she pulled the lock.
The other wiped the security system.
The whole thing was over
in five, ten minutes.
-I didn't see their faces.
-So, the leader was a woman?
Yes. She went right for the box.
There's hundreds of boxes in here.
If she knew where to go...
She'd been here before.
-Cynthia, to what do I owe the pleasure?
-Shelve the pleasantries.
I'm hotter than a Laredo parking lot.
Alban Veseli has filed a motion
to withdraw his guilty plea.
-I don't know that name.
-You do.
He's a contract killer, the first criminal
you and this task force put in prison.
The Freelancer.
Hid his murders within headlines
of accidents and disasters.
He must be making an argument
that concerns you.
[Panabaker] His argument hasn't changed.
Our case was based on information
given to us by an informant.
Veseli says the trial judge erred
by not forcing us to disclose
the informant's identity.
[Cooper] So, we violated his right
to confront his accuser?
-Sounds pretty standard.
-Not this time.
He's hired Scooter Rovenpor
to handle the appeal.
Rovenpor could get
the devil off on appeal.
Old Scoot certainly got
the judge's attention.
He's ordered both parties
to appear for oral argument
on the motion to withdraw.
Who are you?
Keen swore out the affidavits
based on the informant's knowledge,
so he wants to hear from Keen.
I'm afraid that may be difficult.
Agent Keen's in the field.
Then get her back.
She's due in court first thing tomorrow.
We need to neutralize this.
If the evidence we got
from Reddington gets excluded,
our case will be shakier
than cafeteria Jell-O.
-A thousand dollars an hour?
-A fee I've waived.
Why?
Not saying I don't appreciate it...
-but why me?
-I don't think you got a fair trial.
You believe I'm innocent?
No.
But I believe even mass murderers
deserve equal justice.
You think if I get it...
I'll walk?
Maybe.
But that's all gonna depend on Agent Keen.
[dramatic music playing]
[bird chirping]
[chirping continues]
[Cvetko] Is anything more boring
than bird-watching?
Six hours to maybe glimpse
the bill of a toucan
you can see on a box of Froot Loops.
Bird-watching is more
than just birds, Cvetko.
It's seeing ourselves in connection
with the world in which we live.
I live in a laboratory.
The only birds I connect with are dead.
Your world is uniquely inanimate.
Which is why I asked you here.
I need to know who wrote this.
-It's not Elizabeth Keen?
-Someone in her employ.
Who may have left a fingerprint, a clue
that could lead you to her identity.
In the world I live in,
nothing is more important.
[Cvetko] I'll see what can I do.
Under the greenwood tree
Who loves to lie with me,
And turn his merry note
Unto the sweet bird's throat,
Nice rhyme.
Shakespeare thought so.
Okay.
[bird chirping]
[making bird calls]
[Aram] You said
the robber had staked out the bank,
so I pulled a list of people
with safety-deposit boxes.
Thought I'd catch Park up to speed
on The Freelancer's handiwork.
Collapsed buildings, overturned ferries,
all to kill one person?
He was a real peach,
who may walk unless Liz shows up.
We have to find her.
The only way to do that is to find
the thief on this list.
We better hope that Cooper can stall
the judge until we do.
[judge] Mr. Rovenpor, your client
pleaded guilty to one count of murder,
namely the murder of a woman
named Floriana Campo.
[Rovenpor] A notorious human trafficker,
Your Honor.
Mr. Veseli's attorney moved
that the government be ordered
to disclose the identity
of the confidential informant
who supplied most of the information
that led to his arrest.
-A motion I denied.
-Yes, Your Honor.
In light of your ruling,
only because of it,
my client felt it was
in his best interest to enter a plea.
Many cases are founded on intel supplied
by confidential sources, Your Honor.
You weighed the variables
and made a reasonable ruling.
-I agree.
-You agree?
It was reasonable based on the information
you made available at the time.
Since that time,
new information has come to light.
For starters, we now know that Agent Keen
has made a number of cases
based on intel from confidential sources.
A shocking number.
More, in fact,
than any other major case agent.
We'd have to review those numbers.
The vast majority,
if not all, of those cases
were based on intel supplied
by the same individual.
-You believe that based on what?
-[judge] I've read the defendant's papers.
All these cases, Miss Navarro,
can you assure me
there were multiple sources?
We're not able to answer that.
Because if she did, you'd wonder
if there was any informant at all,
since one person couldn't possibly have
such a wide variety of criminal knowledge.
Maybe Agent Keen fabricated
her quote-unquote "source"
to get defendants to cop a plea.
[Navarro] There's been no fabrication
and no evidence to show...
Not yet. But that's why you're here.
I'm not prepared to take your word.
I wanna hear from Agent Keen.
Your Honor, I'm Assistant Director
Harold Cooper of the FBI,
Agent Keen's immediate supervisor.
Unfortunately, she's on assignment
and unable to be here.
Her assignment was to show up.
-That won't be possible.
-[Rovenpor] How convenient.
Your Honor, this is intentional.
How long before she can answer
my questions in person and under oath?
-I don't know, Your Honor.
-That won't cut it, Mr. Cooper.
-Have Keen here by 4 p.m.
-I can't guarantee that, Your Honor.
I can guarantee if she's not here,
I will grant the motion,
and Mr. Veseli may very well be released.
He's here.
Ah.
Red, you should know,
Keen approached me last week.
She said you were dying.
That she's heir apparent
and I should throw in with her.
Did you find anything?
No prints or DNA.
But you said the note was left
by a bank robber,
so I checked it against a database
of information on robberies,
other notes, documents,
and found a handwriting match
to a previous robbery.
[Raymond] Thank you, Cvetko.
For your work and your loyalty.
The Bell Tower heist in '94?
-You know it?
-I do.
And the man who did it.
Three pills, half a glass of water.
Nothing else until I come back.
[dramatic music playing]
-[door opens]
-She's rather charmless.
We both know you didn't come here
for a skip down memory lane.
Two nights ago, I was robbed.
The thief left a note.
The writing matches a note
you gave a teller
during the Bell Tower job.
You think I robbed you?
I take two steps,
I gotta rest for an hour.
I can't even steal my wallet
out of my pocket.
[cell phone ringing]
Sorry.
Anything?
We went through the names
of everyone with a safe-deposit box.
Two weeks ago, Terese Krissoff opened one.
The real Miss Krissoff died
three months ago.
The impostor opened an account
with a fake social security number
so she could case the room.
The robbers avoided surveillance
when they broke into your box.
We pulled a photo of her
when she was prepping the job.
We sent you a copy of the image.
We can't make a positive ID. Can you?
No, but I may know someone who can.
I was once held captive
by the Shining Path.
Three months
of unrelenting heat and humidity
in the Peruvian jungle,
mixed with the occasional round
of electroshock.
All in all,
it was a rather unpleasant experience
but for my cellmate,
a delightfully monkish, bookish,
Polish aid worker,
who was also inexplicably something
of a handwriting expert.
While fending off the daily onslaught
of rhinoceros beetles,
he would hold forth
on why a child's handwriting
is often nearly identical
to that of at least one,
if not a little of both of his
or her parents' handwriting.
Apparently,
the similarity isn't genetic at all.
Just... subconscious imitation.
I didn't know you had a daughter.
I did once, but not anymore.
I owe you an apology.
It's not your handwriting
on the note, it's hers.
You didn't rob me. She did.
[Abe] No, that's impossible.
Tell me where she is.
Where is she?
Jennifer and I are estranged.
Now, I got those photos from her mother.
She and I agreed
that Jen should live with her
so she could have a life, a good life.
An honest life.
Where is she, Abe?
I'm not gonna ask you again.
I can't tell you because I don't know.
But if you're right,
that my baby's a thief...
go ahead, you may as well kill me now...
'cause I ain't got nothing to live for.
[dramatic music playing]
The photo Aram sent,
were you able to ID the woman?
Yes. The lead bore fruit.
So, you know
who Elizabeth hired to rob you?
-I do. We're looking for her now.
-We need to look together.
After all these years,
I'd think you'd know I don't do halfsies.
If we don't find Elizabeth by 4 p.m.,
the case we made
against Veseli will fall apart.
-Alban, The Freelancer?
-Yes.
And he has a new attorney
who claims we violated his civil rights
by not disclosing you were our source.
If Elizabeth doesn't appear in court,
the judge may let him walk.
So, are we doing halfsies or what?
The woman we're looking for
is Jennifer Anne Moores.
She's the daughter of Abraham Moores.
Reddington claims Moores
is a retired bank robber.
Like father, like daughter.
Moores was arrested in '98,
did nine years and retired.
Or maybe passed on the family business.
Reddington doesn't think so.
The last thing the father wanted was for
his daughter to follow in his footsteps.
He told her that, they became estranged.
Reddington doesn't think
he knows where she is.
The DMV database shows
637 Jennifer Anne Moores.
But once I cross-check that
against the photo we got from the bank...
[computer beeps]
-[Park] We got her address.
-[Aram] And occupation.
Alleged occupation.
I doubt she'll list "bank robber"
on her mortgage application.
-I want teams at her home and work.
-Should we bring her in?
No, I want her followed.
Hopefully, to Elizabeth Keen.
[camera shutter clicking]
-[static crackling]
-[garbled voice over comm]
[Ressler] Aram, what's up with your audio?
[Aram] I don't know. I'm getting some
nasty interference. Hang on.
Second call in five minutes.
What's she up to?
The whole thing's
a double-edged sword, isn't it?
What whole thing?
This business with Keen
and The Freelancer, him getting out.
The guy derailed a train,
killed 60 innocents to hide one murder.
-He's not getting out.
-If Keen doesn't show, he could walk.
On the other hand, if she shows,
the killer stays in prison,
but we're forced to arrest Keen.
Double-edged sword.
At this point,
all we have are bad options.
Arresting her may be
the best bad one we've got.
[Park] We haven't been able to.
But the way things are going,
it might be the only way to keep her safe.
[Ressler] Who's this here?
-Think he's part of her crew?
-Aram, where's that audio?
[Aram] Nasty frequency interference.
Hang on.
[suspenseful music playing]
Hang on, we got someone else now,
female to the south.
-Aram, we need that audio.
-Okay, just, um-- All right.
Give me 20 seconds
and I will get you sound.
[dramatic music playing]
What the hell is he doing?
We're not supposed to meet
until I deliver the drive.
We have a problem.
Reddington showed up
at your father's apartment.
[Jennifer] Raymond Reddington?
You're sure it was him?
-[Raf] I knew this was a mistake.
-Let me think.
[Raf] What's the move, Jen?
Oh, excuse me. I'm so sorry.
Did you guys see a woman walk by?
About 5'7", dark curly hair,
super smart and funny, so really...
-She's really funny.
-We haven't seen anyone, sorry.
Thanks, anyway. It's just, um...
I can't remember if I was supposed
to meet her at 1, and I'm super early,
or noon, and I just, like,
totally stood her up.
You could just text her?
Text her? I could text her. I'll text her.
Oh, I'm sorry. Such an idiot.
Sorry. There.
[softly] Oh, my God.
-[Aram] Spoonful of sugar.
-[Jennifer] It's fine.
Okay. Thanks.
What exactly did Reddington say?
He asked your dad about you.
About the job.
If he finds us,
you know he'll kill us, right?
What do you wanna do?
Call Reddington, say you're sorry?
What's done is done.
We need to split up, lay low.
[Jennifer] Yes, but not until after
we deliver the drive to Givens
and we get paid.
-Givens?
-You know that name?
Carolyn Givens,
it's one of Keen's aliases.
Carolyn.
It's me. I need to move up the meet.
Peirce Mill in Rock Creek Park, 3 p.m.
All worked out.
Cooper.
[Ressler] Jennifer's making the drop
to Keen today.
You have the location?
Rock Creek Park.
We're getting units in place now.
The moment she's in custody,
bring her here.
Agent Ressler,
let's keep this an internal matter.
We can notify Reddington
once Keen's safe and in our custody.
[dramatic music playing]
We've got movement.
Unit 1, hang back a bit.
Did you see that?
-All teams, report.
-[man 1] Unit 1, clear.
[man 2] Unit 2, we're holding
south of the location.
Your drop's blown.
[Jennifer] What? No.
If Reddington's people knew,
I'd be dead now.
It's not Reddington, it's the FBI.
-Who's she talking with?
-This has gotta be it.
Check your account.
Okay, I have the funds.
-Where are you? I have your drive.
-Slow down. Listen.
You want a shot at staying out of prison?
I need you to do exactly as I say.
Park, seven o'clock.
Woman in the red jacket.
Copy. Unit 1, you have eyes?
[Ressler] All units, move in now.
Jennifer Moores, you're under arrest.
[Park] FBI! Hands in the air! Hands!
-[woman] What's going on? What did I do?
-[man] Stand still.
Don't move.
Put your hands behind your back.
-Park, what have you got?
-Nothing. Pack's empty.
Empty? You're sure?
The coffee cup.
Where's the cup?
[dramatic music playing]
I know you.
How you operate.
She'll be here.
The way you handle Reddington,
letting him think he's handling you.
The velvet shiv you use
to get your agents to do what you need
in a way that makes them feel
like they can do what they want.
Harold, you are a wonder to behold.
No one could've done what you've done.
Yet here you are,
steaming up like a tea kettle,
and I want to know why.
-What's going on with Keen?
-I can't tell you that.
I can't protect you if you don't.
Believe me when I tell you
if the criminals you've arrested
start getting released,
you'll need more protection than
a pair of teens in the back of papa's car.
Let me get this straight.
I ordered Keen to appear, she didn't.
I gave a her second chance to comply,
she hasn't.
Your Honor, may we approach?
-Who's this?
-Cynthia Panabaker, White House Counsel.
If we could talk to Your Honor ex parte,
make a proffer for your ears only,
maybe we can move things along.
-Absolutely not. Your Honor--
-It's the only way this happens.
You're in the dark.
You want to release a murderer
because you don't have information? Do it.
See how that works out for you.
Or grant our request, step into the light.
I'll clear the courtroom,
hear the proffer.
Relax, Mr. Rovenpor.
Once I hear it, I'll make a ruling
on what stays privileged.
-Bailiff, please clear the court.
-[bailiff] All rise.
The court is in recess.
This better be good.
Raymond Reddington is
Agent Keen's confidential informant.
[Panabaker] That's right.
The president is aware.
So is a handful of federal agents,
and now the list includes you.
You're telling me the U.S. government
is in business with Reddington?
You're not the first person
to express some concern.
I'm not concerned. I'm offended.
You don't find
many swans swimming in the sewer.
Reddington's the source
behind these cases,
feeding Keen a diet of major criminals
for the last seven years?
You can understand why we need
to keep that from being exposed.
We didn't want you to think
we were refusing to comply...
You don't think you had an obligation
to inform those defendants
the source of the intel used against them
was the most prolific criminal mastermind
-in modern history?
-Express your distaste all you want.
But three presidents have come
to a different conclusion.
We didn't come back
for your moral judgment.
Then here's my legal judgment.
I find anything the FBI learned
from Reddington,
with regard to this defendant,
to be unreliable as a matter of law.
All evidence that came from him or was
the fruit of the relationship with him
-should've been declared inadmissible.
-Your Honor, please--
Absent that evidence, does the government
have proof to make its case?
-We need time before answering that.
-Too bad. Time's up.
I'm granting the motion
to withdraw his plea,
and I am forced to dismiss
the charges against him.
-Don't do this.
-I'm not doing it, Mr. Cooper.
You are.
-He's in for a pleasant surprise.
-It'll take hours to process him out.
-I'll slow that down.
-What good will that do?
[Panabaker] I'll take another look.
It's a long shot, but maybe there's enough
to hold him on another charge.
In the meantime, find Keen.
We have Jennifer Moores in custody.
I don't know who Miss Moores is
or how she can lead you to Keen,
but if you don't bring her in,
you're on your own.
If this blows up,
I won't be jumping on any grenades.
-[Aram] Well, it wasn't a total loss.
-[Raymond] Did you get Elizabeth?
Well, no, not exactly.
Was your goal to get Elizabeth?
Okay, it was a total loss.
But on the plus side,
we got her associates.
I sent their photos
to see if you can ID them.
Now you want my help?
Harold has
a unique definition of "halfsies."
Halfsies? I love halfsies.
Especially for food.
Tell him that I don't recognize anyone
and that the next time he has intel,
I expect him to share it with me
before it's squandered, not after.
You lied to me, Abe.
Raymond, I told you what I knew.
Really?
Why didn't you tell me about your nurse?
[dramatic music playing]
Let's try this again.
Talk to me about your daughter.
[suspenseful music playing]
No pressure, but getting Moores
to give us a lead on Keen
is all that stands
between Veseli and his release.
-I thought the judge ordered his release.
-He did.
Panabaker can keep him from being
processed out before day's end.
If we can find Keen by then,
maybe we can get the order stayed.
Why don't we start
by talking about your options here?
-How about the lawyer option?
-We can do that.
They'll tell you
you're looking at 20 years.
Or they can tell me
that without any evidence or witnesses,
I should keep my mouth shut.
Yeah. You're right.
We don't have any witnesses.
But what we do have are your friends
that we picked up.
-Your coconspirators.
-[Silvina] Coconspirator?
I don't know what you're talking about.
How could I be a coconspirator
if I don't know her?
[Park] She knows you.
At least she seemed to when we recorded
the three of you at True Café.
I'm done talking.
Raf's not. Raf's got plenty to say.
About you, Jennifer,
how you met through her father...
-That's a lie.
-No, it's the truth.
Silvina spent every day with him.
She's his nurse.
How could they not know each other?
Did Silvina say that?
Leave my father out of this.
Your father is a legendary thief
and a safecracker.
You don't expect us
to overlook that, do you?
He went to prison when I was 7.
Okay. Enough already.
She's your daughter.
I never wanted this life for her.
She's the first thing
you think of every morning.
Which is why I thought it best
to stay away from her,
even after I got out of prison.
I cut ties.
You can't imagine how hard that is.
For this conversation, let's assume I can.
[Jennifer] I hated the man.
He walked out of my life. He abandoned me.
Till one day, I walked back in.
Not to be with her, you know?
Not to talk.
Just--
Just to see her.
And what did you see?
I saw my kid crack the VaultSafe 200
of a two-bit meth dealer
in under four minutes.
She was unrefined, a little rushed...
but she had the touch.
Even if I knew where he was,
I wouldn't talk.
He's an old man.
I should have called the police then.
[chuckles]
But she was your child.
I figured I had something to teach her,
to share with her.
A reason to be in her life.
Is that what he told you?
He's lying.
[Ressler] I think he's still involved
in your life.
In fact, Raf says he's the one
who selects the targets.
[Abe] Of course I did.
She needed marks
who wouldn't report the crime,
and I knew where to find them.
-You certainly found me.
-No, wait.
I told her that you were off-limits.
I did, Raymond, but she wouldn't listen.
Because of the money.
It was a lot of money.
-The job was a contract.
-Yes. A woman.
-Some American.
-Tell me about her.
Only on one condition.
You leave my father out of this.
Tell me about the woman.
[Abe] They met through an acquaintance.
Jennifer said
she was laying low after a job.
Cape Town. Didn't have anywhere to go...
But Jen found this safe house.
Part of a network, sanctuaries
for criminals on every continent.
Anyway, the woman who runs it,
her name's Vee.
She approached me.
Said she had a client at another
safe house who needed a job done.
Said she was raiding a deposit box
and had to be done quickly,
so she and Jennifer met in D.C.,
talked about the job.
She said it was personal,
that she was targeting Reddington.
She said you were more vulnerable
than anyone might believe
and that she was building an alliance.
And when this was over,
when Reddington is dead...
she'd be in my debt.
[Abe] I told her not to do it.
But this woman, whoever she is...
she had on blinders, she had money,
and she was persuasive.
When they met...
where the woman was laying low...
-do you know where that was?
-[Jennifer] Of course I do.
And I can tell you.
But again, I want assurances.
You keep my father out of this.
Raymond, lay this at my feet,
not at Jennifer's.
She's just a kid.
My girl.
Your girl.
My baby girl.
We got it. Keen's safe house,
it's an address in Deanwood.
-We're sending units now.
-Wait.
-Reddington, what? Text me the address.
-[Raymond] Greetings.
Calling to see how your team is doing
with the prisoners.
They have invoked their right
to counsel, refusing to talk.
-Predictably unfortunate.
-Have you heard differently?
-Any news on your end?
-I wish I had something to tell you.
Let me know
if your prisoners decide to talk.
I'll do that.
You're going alone?
It's probably hubris,
but I might be able to reach her.
[dramatic music playing]
Agent Keen? It's Harold Cooper. I'm alone.
I just want to talk.
[knocking]
Open the door, Elizabeth.
[dramatic music playing]
I'm afraid we're too late, Harold.
It appears she's already gone.
The photos we sent,
you said you didn't recognize anyone.
-That wasn't true, was it?
-[Raymond] No.
Silvina Rosario works for Abraham Moores.
Once I saw her in the photos,
I knew Abe had lied
and could easily be persuaded
to tell me what he knew.
If you'd shared that with us sooner,
Elizabeth wouldn't have eluded us.
Sins, stones and glass houses, Harold.
Neither of us have played fair
with the other.
Now, seeing as how your job description is
to play fair and mine is to not,
then an argument could be made
that you're more at fault than I,
but why quibble?
Elizabeth's gone.
She's taken something of mine with her.
I couldn't be less interested
in what she stole from you.
My concern is her well-being
and getting her back to help her heal
from the wound that you caused
when you killed her mother.
We're each responsible
for the choices we make.
Elizabeth has made hers.
She's responsible for it, not me.
I suppose you also think she's responsible
for The Freelancer's release,
which, now that we're here and she's not,
is guaranteed to happen.
She's not only responsible for it,
it's what she wants.
That's absurd.
One day, Elizabeth steals
millions of dollars from me.
And next, The Freelancer has
a brand-new, expensive attorney
demanding his release
unless Elizabeth Keen
magically appears in court.
That doesn't strike me as absurd, Harold.
That strikes me as unsettling.
[Panabaker] I stalled as long as I could,
but Veseli's out on bond.
So, you're out of time
and I'm out of patience.
What aren't you telling me about Keen?
She wants to kill Reddington.
Which is why he's put her
on the Blacklist.
Elizabeth Keen is on the Blacklist?
[dramatic music playing]
I ought to start at the beginning.
[Rovenpor] Mr. Hadley.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Unmarked? As discussed?
Where is he?
[instrumental music playing]
You're the lawyer representing Keen?
There's a number preprogrammed,
ask for Charlotte,
you tell them you got caught in the rain
and need to dry off.
Keen put me in prison.
Why is she helping me now?
Miss Keen arranged for your release
because she requires your services.
["Diviner" playing]
-What does she need me to do?
-For now? Nothing.
-You got caught in the rain...
-And need to dry off.
♪ I'm a keeper of secrets ♪
♪ Pray do tell ♪
♪ I'll be your disciple ♪
♪ Show yourself ♪
♪ Living a fever dream ♪
♪ Lost control ♪
♪ You be my diviner ♪
♪ Show me where to go ♪
♪ My ghost had left my skin ♪
♪ Diviner, bring it in ♪
Edward confirmed it.
She flew on a private jet out of Dulles.
Then she's gone.
The thumb drive with her.
What will she do with it?
Nothing good.
We need to inform our friend in the East.
I'll arrange the meeting.
Dembe, let me out up there, would you?
Where are you going?
Clear my head, get some air.
♪ My ghost had left my skin
Diviner ♪
-Do you mind if I join you?
-Not at all.
♪ A long time ♪
You're just in time.
There's a Cape May warbler
who usually starts up right about now.
Do we know each other?
I don't believe so. Should I know you?
No, no, no.
I was just curious if we'd ever met.
♪ Living a fever dream
Lost control ♪
I'm Anne.
Raymond.
♪ You be my diviner ♪
Well, now we've met.
[birds chirping]
Yes.
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ Mm-mm ♪
♪ Diviner ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ Mm-mm ♪
♪ My ghost had left my skin ♪
♪ Diviner... ♪
[Aram] Sir?
♪ Our house of mirrors always shimmering ♪
She's really gone, isn't she?
Agent Keen?
I, uh...
I was up all night thinking about it.
I mean...
I mean, I know she's gone...
but then I find myself hoping
she isn't, you know?
Will we ever hear from her?
I'm fairly confident we haven't heard
the last of Agent Keen.
♪ You be my diviner ♪
♪ Show me where to go ♪
[theme music playing]